Signed Agreement
Terms and conditions
ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICES - I understand that by signing this agreement, I authorize provision of
products and/or services to me by
Pediatric Home Service through one of its subsidiary entities, including:
Advanced Medical Equipment, LLC
All About Pediatrics, LLC
Alliance Medical Supply, LLC
Apple Homecare Medical Supply, LLC
Cherub Medical Supply, LLC
Medic Home Health Care, LLC
Mobile Medical Maintenance, LLC
Pediatric Home Respiratory Services, LLC
RSVP Equipment of Greater Cincinnati, LLC
TCG Interests, LLC
URS Sub I, LLC (dba Breast Pump Depot Inc.)
I also understand that the products and services provided are prescribed by my physician and that it is
necessary that I remain under the supervision of my attending physician during the course of my care.
RELEASE OF INFORMATION - I hereby authorize release to PHS any and all of my medical records
pertaining to my medical history, services rendered, or treatments received from my physician(s) or hospital.
In order to process insurance claims, I also hereby authorize PHS to furnish to my insurance carrier(s), any
medical history, services rendered, or treatment needed.
ASSIGNMENT OF BENEFITS - I authorize direct payment of insurance benefits by my insurance company
to PHS.
FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY - I understand that I am responsible to PHS for all charges not covered by
my insurance, AND that in the event that my insurance company, employer, or any other third party payer
refuses to pay the rental and/or purchase price(s) of the above items, or in the event that I have no insurance
coverage or third party payer, that I will be responsible for said payments and will make prompt payment
within 30 days of notification by PHS for all charges. WARRANTY INFORMATION - I understand that an
applicable warranty will be provided by the product manufacturer, a copy of which has been provided with
the product. I understand that the warranty is void if the product is tampered with in any way.
OUR MISSION AND PURPOSE
PHS is committed to building a strong, life-long relationship with every single one of our clients. We build
that relationship through having a professional staff that has a passion to provide quality personal care and
services that improve our clients' independence and quality of life and by training and educating the family
on all our products and services.
HOURS OF OPERATION & CONTACT INFORMATION
Hours of Operation: 8:00am-5:00pm, Monday through Friday. A voice message system will answer PHS's
phones after normal business hours. If you need assistance, call PHS at (888)-877-6334 OR email us at
info@ursmedical.com. Our website is www.breastpumpdepot.com. If your call is an emergency and cannot
wait until normal business hours, Dial "911" for professional emergency services. For immediate after hours
services please contact: David Sanders at (254)-498-0018 or Jammie Shannon at (254)-300-6304.

CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS
Any customer who feels his / her rights have been denied, Or who desires further clarification of rights, Or
who desires to lodge a complaint Or express contentment with any aspect of service or equipment, should
contact us through our main telephone number, without fear of reprisal by the company or any of its
employees. If the issue cannot be resolved via a telephone call with a customer service representative, the
matter will automatically be forwarded to the appropriate corporate manager.
CUSTOMER RIGHTS - YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO: To be fully informed in advance about the care to
be provided and of any modifications to the service/care plan; To participate in the development and periodic
revision of the plan of care; To provide informed consent and to refuse services or treatment after the
consequences of refusing treatment are fully presented; To be informed in advance of the charges for
services, including payment for care expected from third parties and any charges the client will be
responsible; To have one's property and person treated with respect, consideration, and recognition of client
dignity and individuality; To be able to identify visiting staff members through proper identification; To
voice grievances/complaints or recommend changes in policy, staff or service without restraint, interference,
coercion, discrimination or reprisal; To choose a health care provider; To expect that all protected health
information received shall be kept confidential and private; To receive appropriate and professional care
without discrimination in accordance with physician orders; To be informed of any financial benefits when
referred to an organization; To be informed of one's responsibilities; To be informed of provider service/care
limitations; To be informed of client rights under state law to formulate advanced care directives; To be
informed of anticipated outcomes of care and of any barriers in outcome achievement.
CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES - IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO: Dial "911" whenever life-
threatening medical emergency arises. Provide complete and accurate information regarding your medical
history and billing information. Comply with your physician's orders and plan of care. Use and care for the
equipment provided and not allow use by anyone other than the authorized patient. Contact us about any
equipment malfunction or defect, and allow our staff to correct the problem. Advise us of any changes in
status, including address, medical condition, and billing information. Assume payment responsibility for
services not covered by your insurance carrier, except when not allowed by law. Maintain a safe home
environment for the proper utilization of equipment. Pay for the replacement costs of any equipment
damaged, destroyed, or lost due to misuse, abuse or neglect.
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES: THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW INFORMATION ABOUT
YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS
INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. Commitment to Privacy: PHS is dedicated to
maintaining the privacy of your healthcare information and we are required by law to maintain the
confidentiality of information that identifies you. Any use of healthcare information beyond the uses
described below requires your individual written authorization. The Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act (HIPAA) obligate PHS to provide you with a copy of our Privacy Notice, outlining our
privacy practices and how we safeguard your health information. PHS abides by the terms of the Privacy
Notice currently in effect, and reserves the right to revise or amend the notice, as needed.
Your Health Information Rights: Although your health record is the physical property of the healthcare
facility that compiled it, the information belongs to you. You have the right to: Request a restriction on
certain uses and disclosures of your information; Obtain a paper copy of the notice of privacy practices;
Inspect and copy your health care record; Obtain an accounting of disclosures of your health information;
Request confidential communication; Amend your healthcare record; Revoke your authorization to use or
disclose health information except to the extent that action has already been taken.
Our Responsibilities: PHS is required to: Maintain the privacy of your health information; Provide you with
a notice as to our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to information we collect and maintain
about you; Abide by the terms of this notice; Notify you if we are unable to agree to a requested restriction;

Accommodate reasonable requests you may have to communicate health information by alternative means.
PHS reserves the right to change our practices and to make the new provisions effective for all protected
health information we maintain. Should our information practices change, we will mail a revised notice to
your address on file. We will not use or disclose your health information without your authorization, except
for treatment, payment, and healthcare operations.
Examples of Disclosure for Treatment, Payment, and Healthcare Operations: We will use your health
information for treatment. Information obtained by our company will be documented in your healthcare
record and will be used to provide you with durable medical equipment and/or supplies. The prescription
that your physician has ordered will be part of the record and will determine the equipment and supplies that
you receive. We will use your health information for payment. In order to determine your eligibility for
equipment and/or supplies, PHS may contact your insurance company and disclose healthcare related
information. Also, PHS will bill you or a third-party payer for services that you receive from our company.
The health information that identifies you, your diagnosis, equipment, and supplies may be included on this
bill. We will use your health information for healthcare operations. PHS may use your health information to
evaluate the quality of care you receive from us, to conduct cost management assessments, and to plan
business activities. This information is used in an effort to continually improve the quality and effectiveness
of the healthcare services we provide.
Other Uses or Disclosures: Business Associates: There are some individuals who are under contract with
PHS and, from time to time, are engaged in the improvement or financial enhancement of our business. So
that your health information is protected, however, we require any business associate to appropriately
safeguard your information. Public Health: As required by law, we may disclose your health information to
public health or legal authorities charged with preventing or controlling disease, injury, or disability. Law
Enforcement: We may disclose health information for law enforcement purposes as required by law, or in
response to a valid subpoena. Health Oversight Activities: We may disclose health information to health
oversight agencies for activities authorized by law, including surveys, audits, and compliance inspections.
Worker's Compensation: We may release your health information to the extent necessary to comply with
laws relating to workers compensation or other similar programs established by law. For More Information:
Please contact PHS's Compliance Officer, at (888) 877-6334, if you require additional information and/or
want to pursue your rights, including: Requesting restrictions; Inspecting and copying your record; Securing
an accounting of disclosures; Requesting additional disclosures; Revoking authorizations at any time; Filing
a complaint If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may contact our company's President.
You may also file a complaint with the Secretary of Health and Human Services (Office of Civil Rights).
There will be no retaliation for filing a complaint.
Congratulations on your new baby! To accept your breast pump from The Breast 
Pump Depot, please
Date : 10/30/2024 19:08 CMT
Signed by customer: Ilse Mendoza



